I want to hear what you truly feel.
This is Prince Yan's manor. Let go.
Let go of me.
Once I'm done,
I'll let you go.
Your mother's pearl hairpin...
I repaired it for you.
It's enough that I know you care for me.
No need to feel guilty.
What if Imperial Uncle
has secrets of his own?
Let's go.
Don't let anyone see you like this.
You wanted my blood.
That blade by the door...
Did you set it up on purpose?
You're so beautiful.
How could you be so vicious?
I
don't need such underhanded tricks.
Give it to me.
You...
Even if you drink my blood, what then?
You've already survived the first stage of the gu.
Don't try this before finding your Yulang.
Jade Waist Slave wounds
heal very quickly.
Stop staring.
It's already gone.
No way!
You...
Shen Miao.
No...
You're human, not a beast.
Yes, Shen Miao,
if you take this kiss,
you'll be no different from a beast.
It seems
I'll be obsessed with you from now on.
These earrings on me...
I can't remove them.
Looks quite nice.
Is it some tracking artifact?
Never mind.
Little Butterfly.
You're here.
Your Highness, rest easy.
No other casualties were reported on the streets last night.
I checked again afterward.
We all
followed your instructions.
All crossbow arrows were swapped with dummy bolts.
They can't hurt anyone.
That assassin came for me.
And that scholar from yesterday...
how should we handle him?
Lock him up first.
Don't let him escape.
Yes, sir.
Zhaohua...
Your Highness.
The Crown Prince's injuries are no longer serious.
This hairpin...
means a lot to you.
I should have repaired it myself.
I'm sorry.
It's all right.
You're busy with state affairs.
Don't worry about me.
Zhaohua.
The reason I
sought an imperial betrothal before going to war
was that I feared dying in battle.
So
you wouldn't be left alone again,
bullied by others.
Once we're married,
even if anything happens to me,
as Princess Consort of Yan
you'll have protection.
Don't worry.
Once I settle these matters,
I'll choose
our wedding date.
There are still herbs waiting at Jianxiang Studio.
I'll take my leave.
I'll walk you out.
No need.
Zhaohua.
I'll still give this to you.
Though Your Highness's injuries aren't severe,
his body still took a blow.
If that arrow had truly landed...
this old servant cannot imagine it.
Now the whole court knows
His Majesty intends to choose between me and Imperial Uncle
for the crown prince.
If not for that arrow
and the charge of assassination,
the blame wouldn't have fallen on me.
These are arrowheads from Imperial Uncle's Chiwu Army.
Your Highness means...
what happened last night
must be pinned on someone.
Since the Crown Prince was injured,
the formal process
still has to be followed.
This poison...
Little Auspicious Cloud,
they actually sent men to Luoxia Forest
to find the entrance to the Hundred Illusions Realm.
Luckily Sixth Aunt set traps.
They shift every day.
With his limited skill,
don't fall into the water.
Ninth Aunt's husband is still in his hands.
Ninth Aunt told Ninth Uncle
how to enter and leave the Hundred Illusions.
What if Ninth Uncle tells him?
Do you know where he's being held?
Take me there, quickly.
You mean the girl who carried me home last night?
So close to Imperial Uncle?
Yes, in broad daylight.
Even this old servant was embarrassed to hear it.
That woman
is definitely not some simple
so-called savior.
A girl who can stay by Father Emperor's side
and be that intimate...
who else could she be?
You said Imperial Uncle
went out?
Yes.
Ninth Aunt's husband is in Shen Miao's room.
There's nowhere to hide here.
Where is Ninth Uncle?
Help!
Let me out!
Let me out! Let me out!
Let me go!
Ninth Aunt's husband!
Who's there?
Crimson, Crimson, Crimson!
Ninth Uncle! Ninth Uncle!
How did you find this place?
Because...
Forget everything about the Hundred Illusions Realm.
Once I'm done here,
I'll come back and free you.
Human or demon,
does it really matter that much?
There really is a secret.
Your Highness!
Your Highness is truly swift.
Who are you?
Just a nobody.
Your Highness, on patrol
I met a beautiful woman.
She was like a wild beast,
and like a demon.
But I hold Prince Yan's greatest secret.
This clinic was left by your mother.
You've kept it well.
Your Highness, please sit.
After my parents died,
my maternal relatives took this clinic.
Thanks to you, I bought it back.
Don't say that.
It was always yours.
I'll go brew tea.
All right.
Miss,
the owner of Renxin Pharmacy sent word
he acquired some mistletoe.
Mistletoe?
That's the key herb for treating his leg,
the rarest ingredient in Hongyu Bone-Mending Ointment.
I'll go at once.
The dream-bugs are stirring.
She really went where she shouldn't.
Where did I come from?
They all look the same.
MkvDrama.Net